README.md, before:

# WordPress Multitool Plugin by Ryan

The Swiss-Army-Plugin for WordPress by Ryan

There is no other plugin like Multitool. The unique approach taking in Multitool ensures that the toolbox plugin doesn't clutter your blog administration menus. There are three different tool types: Quick Tools, Configuration Tools and Advanced Tools. The plugin is expected to grow without limitations thanks to tidy user-interfaces. So when you need a new tool or feature in WordPress that normally requires another plugin after a Google search. Instead, come back to Multitool! If the plugin doesn't already have what you need I will add it.

## Main Features
* The plugin offers an opportunity for blog owners to setup a range of tools with a familiar interface. 
* Tools can be giving WP capabilities and assigned to specific users.
* An API For adding tools to the existing interfaces makes it very easy to work with as a developer.
* Quick Tools are offered in a WP List Table - meaning we can search and sort tools plus lots more. 
* Configuration Tools use the WP options API for maximum integration with the WP core and other plugins.
* Configuration and Advanced tools can add additional Quick Tools after they have been setup.

## Installation
The plugin is free to download from WordPress.org and you can locate it from your WP admin by searching "Multitool". The plugin will add new items in the WP Tools menu.

# License

The license is decided by the author: Ryan R. Bayne

## GNU General Public License v3.0

Permissions of this strong copyleft license are conditioned on making available complete source code of licensed works and modifications, which include larger works using a licensed work, under the same license. Copyright and license notices must be preserved. Contributors provide an express grant of patent rights.

### Permissions

* Commercial use
* Modification
* Distribution
* Patent use
* Private use
* Conditions

### License and copyright notice
* State changes
* Disclose source
* Same License

# Limitations

* Liability
* Warranty

# Project Links
* Text Tutorials: http://multitool.wordpress.com
* Bugs/Issues: https://github.com/RyanBayne/Multitool/issues
* Authors Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/ryan_r_bayne
* Donations:  https://www.patreon.com/ryanbayne
* Documentation: https://github.com/RyanBayne/Multitool/wiki
* Skype Live Support Chat: https://join.skype.com/gYIB2M6NF8S2
* Discord Live Support Chat: https://discord.gg/xBNYA7Q
* Professional Chat: https://ryanbayne.slack.com/threads/team/squeekycoder/ 
* Plugin on WordPress.org: https://wordpress.org/support/plugin/multitool
* Request A Feature: https://wordpress.org/support/plugin/multitool
* Plugin Forum: https://wordpress.org/support/plugin/multitool
* Reviews: https://wordpress.org/support/plugin/multitool/reviews/

Commit message:

Stable Source
Added advice on getting the plugin from WordPress.org and not using GitHub.

README.md, after:

# WordPress Multitool Plugin

The Swiss-Army-Plugin for WordPress

There is no other plugin like Multitool. The unique approach taking in Multitool ensures that the toolbox plugin doesn't clutter your blog administration menus. There are three different tool types: Quick Tools, Configuration Tools and Advanced Tools. The plugin is expected to grow without limitations thanks to tidy user-interfaces. So when you need a new tool or feature in WordPress that normally requires another plugin after a Google search. Instead, come back to Multitool! If the plugin doesn't already have what you need I will add it.

## Stable Source 
This WordPress plugin should be downloaded from WordPress.org only. That repository is the 
official source for the latest stable version for live production. 

Changes will be committed to this master frequently until the project is more established. If
you do somehow add this package to your WordPress installation and wish to role-back. You can
download any past version from the plugins development page on WordPRess.org. 

## Main Features
* The plugin offers an opportunity for blog owners to setup a range of tools with a familiar interface. 
* Tools can be giving WP capabilities and assigned to specific users.
* An API For adding tools to the existing interfaces makes it very easy to work with as a developer.
* Quick Tools are offered in a WP List Table - meaning we can search and sort tools plus lots more. 
* Configuration Tools use the WP options API for maximum integration with the WP core and other plugins.
* Configuration and Advanced tools can add additional Quick Tools after they have been setup.

## Installation
The plugin is free to download from WordPress.org and you can locate it from your WP admin by searching "Multitool". The plugin will add new items in the WP Tools menu.

# License

The license is decided by the author: Ryan R. Bayne

## GNU General Public License v3.0

Permissions of this strong copyleft license are conditioned on making available complete source code of licensed works and modifications, which include larger works using a licensed work, under the same license. Copyright and license notices must be preserved. Contributors provide an express grant of patent rights.

### Permissions

* Commercial use
* Modification
* Distribution
* Patent use
* Private use
* Conditions

### License and copyright notice
* State changes
* Disclose source
* Same License

# Limitations

* Liability
* Warranty

# Project Links
* Text Tutorials: http://multitool.wordpress.com
* Bugs/Issues: https://github.com/RyanBayne/Multitool/issues
* Authors Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/ryan_r_bayne
* Donations:  https://www.patreon.com/ryanbayne
* Documentation: https://github.com/RyanBayne/Multitool/wiki
* Skype Live Support Chat: https://join.skype.com/gYIB2M6NF8S2
* Discord Live Support Chat: https://discord.gg/xBNYA7Q
* Professional Chat: https://ryanbayne.slack.com/threads/team/squeekycoder/ 
* Plugin on WordPress.org: https://wordpress.org/support/plugin/multitool
* Request A Feature: https://wordpress.org/support/plugin/multitool
* Plugin Forum: https://wordpress.org/support/plugin/multitool
* Reviews: https://wordpress.org/support/plugin/multitool/reviews/
